№3
fast - fastes - the fast
large - larger - the largest
early - earlyer - the earlyest
long - longer - the longest
hard - harder - the hardest
progressive - more progressive - the most progressive
low - lower - the lowest
powerfull - most powwerful - the most powerfull
near - nearer - the nearest
necassary - more necassary - the most necassary
intelegent - more intelegenet - the most intelegent
dificuilt - more difficult - the most difficult
high - higher - the highest

№4
1) Supercomputer are **largest** and **fastest** computers in the world.
2) Today computers become **the most essential** tools in almost every field of research.
3) Few years ago, appeared central processing units of seventh and eighth generations, which are **more powerful** and can perform millions of operations per second.
4) The use of transistors in a computer marked the advent of **smaller**, **faster** elements than it was possible earlier.
5) Transistors use **less** power and have **longer** life.
6) The components of the computer became **smaller**, and the system became **less** expensive to build.
7) Nowdays, computer games become one of **the most popular** over the world, especially among teenagers. They are **the most comfortable** and inexpensive sort of relaxation, rest and entertainment. 

№5
1) It's becoming **harder** and **harder** to find a job.
2) Your work isn't very good. I'm sure you can do **weller** than this.
3) They arrived **earlier** than I expected.
4) The **mucher** you read, the **sooner** you enlarge your knowledge. 
5) David plays computer games **more often** than last year. 
6) Would you please to speak a bit **more distinctly**?
7) If he had driven **carefully**, he wouldn't have got into an accident.
8) If you want to pass your exams, you should do your homework **more regularly**.
9) They put out the fire much **more quickly** then we expected.
10) These days he takes all the things **more seriously**.